12/31/2025-

This all started as a Flask sandbox I was playing around in and has grown to a site
I plan to eventually host so I figured I'd take the project a bit more seriously and start
keeping a journal like I do for EclecticAI. It's been a very helpful tool for that project!


We eventually want to add a page about EclecticAI, and a repair estimate submission form,
and of course the photo gallery. I suppose I could start off today by routing to under
construction pages for those like the photo gallery, and maybe moving the nav bar to
the left side.

We moved the nav bar to the side and added some more options to and built the routing
for those options, and now we need to actually build these other pages.

The nav bar is currently exhibiting some strange behavior with the highlight size
that we'll beed to figure out; it's out of sync with the text after "EclecticAI".
But being as this is my first real adventure in web development, it's one thing at a time
here!

We fixed it! I had put my closing </a> tags in the wrong spot in the HTML file

The goals moving foward should be building the pages I routed to today, and
organizing the content on the home page a bit more properly.

1/5/2026-

My first entry of 2026!

I've been busy with Eclectic Electronics reselling work to be here the last few days but
I'm back with a little bit of action thus far!

I added the github to the contact page!


I also set up the github repo! As well as working a bit on the submission page.

Now I'm off to do other things.

1/6/2026-

12:41 AM- I'm up late and just decided to do some woke on the Website's password generator.
We'll do more tomorrow!

1/7/2026-

Today we've done a lot- the site is officially live at eclecticelectronics.com!

Beyond that, we also made the nav bar much more mobile friendly. It was in dire need of it and of course
was a major pain in the butt, but, it is at least better!

1/8/2026-

So far today I've cleaned up the mobile nav a bit as well as the meta tags on the HTML pages.
This site is my first ever and it's a work in progress, so. Anyone reading this or looking
at my code should probably never expect perfection from me.

I started work on the password generator but I'm not able to devote as much time to this
as I was able to yesterday so it definitely won't be going live in any form yet.
I think I will mess around a bit more before I make my push and call it a day on this front,
it just probably won't be with that.

I have also cleaned up the contact page a bit!

I cleaned up the home page quite a bit and typed a little blurb, and I think this will be
my stopping point on this for today.


Things to work on tomorrow- the photo gallery, the desktop side, maybemaming the gameboy picture
the link for the coupon

1/9/2025-

I've taken the old back to home link off of the gallery page.

I've cleaned up the home page a bit visually and changed the link for the discount
code to a button. I also fixed the header issue messing with the nav bar on the empty
photo gallery page


1/12/2026-

We did some more visual stuff today, mostly. I fixed the mobile layout for the contact
page and for the about page and messed with media queries a bit.

I silly enough did not journal as I worked so today's entry shall be
somewhat disappointing as it is several hours after the fact.

1/13/2026-

Today we implemented a basic password generator! My next thing to tackle will
be the quote submission form, but I need to move on to other things for today first.

1/14/2026-

It's pretty late after a jam packed day so I'm not doing much- I just fixed a few
links to the github and messed with the contact page a bit visually.

Tomorrow will be more productive!

1/15/2026-

I keep a sandboxed version of the site so I can experiment on it without making
a mess of this codebase and thus far that's where my work this morning has been
done; I've been designing a crude review system. I've got a simple form made
and the submission executed with the data saved to a .txt file on disk.

Next we need to figure out how to pull those and display them on the home page,
and of course clean up how it's being saved; the .txt file on disk is just a
for now thing, really.

1/16/2026 & 1/17/2026-

I worked on code for the site yesterday, but I forgot to journal anything.
Whoops.

All of my work yesterday was done in the sandbox version as I prepare features
to be introduced into the prod version. I worked with capturing user input from
the site for the quote page and saving it to a json file, and also reading json
files for the review system I'd like to implement. Even though nothing got
introduced into the prod codebase, yesterday was still a productive day!

Today we've just changed the Github link on the contact page of the the prod
site, so far.

We ended up setting up the backend logic for the submissions! I need to make the page itself look a bit nicer,
but the logic is there!

1/19/2025-

Today we are recovering from yesterday's personal mini vacation so work
is a bit slow but I have managed to redesign the nav bars a bit!
They aren't drastically different but I do think they're a bit more
stylized now.


1/20/2025-

This morning I've added support for submitting multiple photos on the quote page.
I've also just been making the home page pop a bit more asthetically.
There's a lot of othger work to be done today so I think
I'll make a few more UI changes and then probably be done
at least until later today, if not tomorrow. I do need to be
balancing my time reasonably!
